documentation/kevinWorkingHours.md, before:

# Kevin's worked hours

| Date  | Hours | Description                                                                        |
| :---: | ----- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 12.3  | 1:45  | Planning, Github setup and start of program                                        |
| 29.3  | 3:00  | First graphql query, rest api setup, api usage planning                            |
|  4.4  | 1:40  | Working more on api queries                                                        |
|  5.4  | 3:00  | Working on front end querying and appearance                                       |
| 10.4  | 1:30  | Autofill api initial queries                                                       |
| 11.4  | 1:40  | Autofill with semantic-ui searchform                                               |
| 12.4  | 4:00  | Routing functionality to semantic ui, debounce api calls                           |
| 13.4  | 1:30  | Autofill parameter meddling, adding icons to results                               |
| 14.4  | 1:55  | Refining autofill api results                                                      |
| 15.4  | 2:10  | Debounce fix, autofill api changed, overall cleaning & planning                    |
| 18.4  | 7:00  | Implement background map, change state handling to redux, add                      |
|       |       | route trail drawing, add rest api queries / modify graphql query                   |
| 20.4  | 2:10  | Refactoring of formatter functions, bare version of route preview, studying css    |
| 21.4  | 2:30  | Aligning queries and results to the left after initial query, css experimentation  |
| 22.4  | 5:10  | Added switching between main view and side view, fixed map css alignment           |
| 23.4  | 5:20  | route preview styling, setting up more search options, route view scrollable       |
| 24.4  | 4:20  | Plan routes date and time parameters, fixed misaligned searchform elements, heroku |
| 25.4  | 1:00  | Front refactoring, modified route preview css                                      |
| 26.4  | 4:20  | Fierce battle with deploying (locally and with heroku)                             |
| Total | 54:00 |                                                                                    |

Commit message:

First crude and unfinished attempt at more detailed route view, fitting the route on the map

documentation/kevinWorkingHours.md, after:

# Kevin's worked hours

| Date  | Hours | Description                                                                        |
| :---: | ----- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 12.3  | 1:45  | Planning, Github setup and start of program                                        |
| 29.3  | 3:00  | First graphql query, rest api setup, api usage planning                            |
|  4.4  | 1:40  | Working more on api queries                                                        |
|  5.4  | 3:00  | Working on front end querying and appearance                                       |
| 10.4  | 1:30  | Autofill api initial queries                                                       |
| 11.4  | 1:40  | Autofill with semantic-ui searchform                                               |
| 12.4  | 4:00  | Routing functionality to semantic ui, debounce api calls                           |
| 13.4  | 1:30  | Autofill parameter meddling, adding icons to results                               |
| 14.4  | 1:55  | Refining autofill api results                                                      |
| 15.4  | 2:10  | Debounce fix, autofill api changed, overall cleaning & planning                    |
| 18.4  | 7:00  | Implement background map, change state handling to redux, add                      |
|       |       | route trail drawing, add rest api queries / modify graphql query                   |
| 20.4  | 2:10  | Refactoring of formatter functions, bare version of route preview, studying css    |
| 21.4  | 2:30  | Aligning queries and results to the left after initial query, css experimentation  |
| 22.4  | 5:10  | Added switching between main view and side view, fixed map css alignment           |
| 23.4  | 5:20  | route preview styling, setting up more search options, route view scrollable       |
| 24.4  | 4:20  | Plan routes date and time parameters, fixed misaligned searchform elements, heroku |
| 25.4  | 1:00  | Front refactoring, modified route preview css                                      |
| 26.4  | 4:20  | Fierce battle with deploying (locally and with heroku)                             |
| 26.4  | 4:45  | First attempt at more detailed route view, fitting the route on the map            |
| Total | 58:45 |                                                                                    |
